# PageManager is a university assignment i did
This app is meant to simmulate two different page replacement policies on a fictional architecture. Here are the specifications for your system:
10 pages of physical memory
15 pages of swap space.

It reads in a sequence of page rewuests from a csv file in a page number request pipeline it uses the different files to test algorithims with the files containing two items: a job number and a fictitious "job page number reference". The "job page number reference" will refer to a unique page number for the data file in question.

As an example, the file small_jobs.csv might look like:

1,1000
1,1001
1,1002
2,1003
2,1004
3,1005
4,4001
3,1006
1,1007
4,1009
1,1002
1,1000
1,-999
2,-999
4,1009
3,1010

the "job page number references" aren't necessarily sequential and there are some identical numbers or entries (e.g. 1,1000). This just means that the running job is now referencing a page it loaded earlier and keeps track of how much combined page space you have and for jobs that exceeds the total memmory space the code issues an "insufficient memory loading job X" error while running the simulation. In the sequence,

you'll also notice entries such as "1,-999" and "2,-999". These entries tell you that the job number (1st column) has terminated. That means that your page management code  should remove all pages that the job currently has reserved and make them available.

The two algorithims used are: Least Recently Used (LRU) and random. The objective here is that the code counts the number of "Page Hits" (pages already in physical memory) and "Page Faults" (Have to get the page from swap) generated by each algorithm and use that as a metric for choosing the best page replacement policy. Loading a page into memory for the first time does not constitute a page fault in this program.  "First Page loads" are counted as well. 


